Hi. I'm going to ask you some questions. I'd like you to answer them to the best of your ability. Is that okay?

Consider this sentence, "Buy one dozen cookies, get four free." If I pay for one dozen cookies, how many total cookies will I receive? Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider this sentence: "The man shot a buck while in his pajamas." What was the buck wearing? Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider this sentence: "Sheila attended an interesting panel with Reverend Parsons, a successful pornographer and a single mother. Can you summarize what we know about Reverend Parsons?" Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider this question: "How did you find the apple?" Can you restate that question in your own words?  Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider the following paragraph: "Jimmy is a real turgler. He's always turgling. Yesterday he turgled his car because it had a broken belt. Then today he helped Suzy out by turgling her leaky sink." What does it mean to turgle something? Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider the following paragraph: "Kazoozle is going to be the next big thing. The average person can cut 24 minutes/day from their commute by choosing it over driving, or 55 minutes over public transportation." What do you think Kazoozle is? Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider this sentence: "Morania is a constitutional monarchy and its biggest export is processed, unroasted coffee beans." Tell me everything you can deduce about Morania. Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider the following paragraph: "Pizzusta is delicious. Sweet, spicy, fragrant. I can't wait to go back to Morania and have it again."  What is Pizzusta? Does it tell you anything new about Morania? Please elaborate on your thought process.

We are now half-way through the questionairre. Consider this sentence: "The bear is a triangle." Will it zoom? Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider the following paragraph: "Fifty-five is red. G-sharp is a dog." Which is bigger? Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider the following paragraph: "Janice wore antibiotics. Chandler ran antibiotics." Who won? Please elaborate on your thought process.

Consider the following sentence: "Jack roared loudly!" Which is it? Please elaborate on your thought process.

We have four more questions. Complete this sentence: "Red is to rose as yellow is to.." Please elaborate on your thought process.

Complete this sentence: "Birds are to freedom as cats are to..." Please elaborate on your thought process.

Complete this sentence: "Autumn is to sweater as summer is to..." Please elaborate on your thought process.

Complete this sentence: "Time is to aging as Jupiter is to..." Please elaborate on your thought process.
